feat(codeguruprofiler): add support for ComputePlatform in ProfilingGroup (#9391)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-codeguruprofiler/README.md

const profilingGroup = new ProfilingGroup(stack, 'MyProfilingGroup');
profilingGroup.grantPublish(publishAppRole);
```

> ### Compute Platform Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Compute Platform configuration
```

> Code Guru Profiler supports multiple compute environments and this can be configured while setting up a Profiling Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code Guru Profiler supports multiple compute environments.
They can be configured when creating a Profiling Group by using the `computePlatform` property:
```
